Thank you very much for coming. Thank you so much. Thank you. Again, I continue teaching of our
greatest, kindest, completion teacher for the Shakyamuni.
In his life, as great master Yang Muharu said, "Whatever the life remains in this time, it's your
enlightenment activities. Praise to the very Shakyamuni. It's true, whatever life we have here,
love, kindness, completion,
whatever we learn from the Buddha teaching, it's truly the light of the Buddha, the light of his
worship, that we are following in his life. We follow it as much as we can."
And also not just following the light, but also we try to illuminate our inner life. As the
greatest Shakyamuni said, we all inherit this beautiful nature.
It's been waiting for us for a long time, for so many long times, waiting in the way of calling,
kind of a breakout call, calling us, and by the greatest teacher, we can now really try to activate
this.
This again is so wonderful, it's so beautiful, it's so precious, and so special to our son, as well
as also others too.
The Buddha teaching, particularly Maya teaching, is dedicated for all the living beings, for they
are prone, they are false, and we are the second true Bodhisattva.
First is all others, we are the second. And regularly in the human beings, or in our behavior, not
just human beings, sentient beings, we are false. Others are second, third, fourth, something.
But in the Bodhisattva, you put first all the beings, then we are second. That's what the teaching
meant. So that's why, because of the power of compassion, loving kindness for all the sentient
beings without any discrimination.
How greatest teacher in the Bodhisattva, they love all the sentient beings, in all places in the TV
, they love and kind and compassion as their only child, only child, mother's only child, how much
they have to mess with love, compassion.
That's how all the Buddhas love, compassion, all the beings. So that's what the shared great wisdom
, and love and kindness, we are actually following this path.
And other just only that, we are really touching to the goal of the true teaching. There's nothing
higher, nothing deeper, not profound, nothing more direct than the Dokki teaching.
That's said by all those Bodhisattvas, all the great religion masters, one voice is not just making
up that, it's true. There's nothing higher and deeper.
Today, we are connected to that. This is not just also what happened, it's helped. Truly this is
our karma, our connection. We all have beautiful connection between teaching of the greatest
teacher, Bodhisattva money, particularly the Gora Pema Sambha teaching, and as well as the Kumbh K
ipa teaching, all those teachings that were really following that.
So therefore, again, tremendous joy in the application in the heart and mind, feel happy joy, and
feel one of the four things really truly, and we use, we utilize these teachings truly to make the
difference, the difference in the samsara.
Samsara, our strength, and courage, and commitment, and confidence, and understanding, realization
that all release makes you so different, truly.
And so with that, mind with vastness, motivation, the bodhisattva, all living with wishing, that
sincerity. Of course, we all have the bodhisattva, we all try, we all know that, but it is
strengthen, it is reactivating, it is renewing, it is practices.
Our bodhisattva is, I mean, we have all that, we know that, but it is also dim and dull, dull or it
is blurred with our habit patterns of all the different things, it just become kind of almost like
fading away, to activating that, activating, glorifying that in our heart, mind, and vastness,
motivation of the bodhisattva for all living beings.
Today, I am going to reflect teaching, and I am going to practice and meditate, I am going to
benefit for all sentient beings, also I am going to get enlightenment, to benefit for all the
sentient beings, having those beautiful motivations, vastness, vastness, motivation of the bodhis
attva.
And then again, you say, third one is the very end of motivation, particularly Dzogchen's
realization, and this is re-chachi, reconnecting our inner qualities, and that one, our inner
qualities, true, natural mind, is a three kaya status.
As three kaya status, we also activate that whole universe is in a three kaya status. It is not
something different in that.
What we are perceiving, what we are perceiving, we perceive ourselves individually, so all the
poems, all the songs and the spaces are within the Dzogchen's kaya status, that is the whole, the
entire universe is within the enlightened state.
It is not just made up by the world, by the world, visualization, meditation, counting, we count,
ten hundred, we reconnect with that, visualization, but actually, really, it is in the teaching
state, it is already enlightened state.
For that reason, a great master, known as Varya Phemus, the techno and the master, and the eman
ation of the Verojana, the great athlete of the Verojana's emanation, his name was Trungvotechichir
abhosa.
Maybe you didn't hear that name before. Trungvotechichirabhosa is really Phemus, again, Tehtung,
and scholars, too. Varya Phemus scholars, too.
And he was also a rude teacher, a teacher to the very Phemus Rongkadhi lineage master, called Rongv
otechichirabhosa.
He was also a great yogi, and a tehtung, and a scholar, too. But his rude teacher was Trungvotech
ichirabhosa.
In his one of the teaching, he said, this, this, this, this, this universal world is already,
really enlightened state, enlightened state.
This is not, we created, or we cannot try to activate it, they buy, buy the words, W-O-R-D, word,
that means prayer, visualization, or see these things, this and that.
This is not ordinary, in ordinary. It naturally is enlightened state. For Buddha, for Buddha, what
Buddha sees every day is enlightened state.
Why? Because Buddha discovered exactly absolutely in the nature of the, of the mind.
They have to see everything. We don't see this right moment, because due to the dualities.
But otherwise, what the Buddha sees, that is the one with our, we're going to see, or that is the
one is really seeing.
So they have to activate it, that is the trick I say. That is the essential practices.
Many times he says pure vision, pure vision, but it's not just pure vision.
Of course, for duality beings, we have to do that, to usher us, to ignite that reality, nature, as
it is.
We have to ignite, as with pure vision, or pure perceptions. But reality is pure already.
What we are only going to be present, we are purifying purely our dualities.
The universe is perfectly fine according to teaching. Nothing is really in view.
Only we purify our duality, consumption, what we purify.
So that's the reality. So again, in the Doki teaching, teaching is to reactivate those qualities is
so important, and that is our practices.
Now with this, now we go.